Correct all incorrect references to `Lua` on Roblox to `Luau` (#1055)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/luau/metatables.md

#### Rawset, rawget, rawequal

> When playing with metatables, you may run into some problems. What happens if you need to use the `__index` metamethod to create new values in a table, but that table's metatable also has a `__newindex` metamethod in it? You'll want to use the Luau built-in function `rawset` to set the value without invoking any metamethods. Take the following code as an example of what happens if you don't use these functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When playing with metatables, you may run into some problems. If you need to use the `__index` metamethod to create new values in a table, but that table's metatable also has a `__newindex` metamethod, you'll want to use the Luau built-in function `Global.LuaGlobals.rawset()` to set the value without invoking any metamethods. Take the following code as an example of what happens if you don't use these functions.
```
